Reference for stage 3 atomics-microwait (#38316)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/atomics/index.md

  - : Notifies agents that are waiting on the specified index of the array. Returns the number of agents that were notified.
- {{jsxref("Atomics.or()")}}
  - : Computes a bitwise OR on the value at the specified index of the array with the provided value. Returns the old value at that index.
- {{jsxref("Atomics.pause()")}}

>   - : Provides a micro-wait primitive, by hinting the CPU that it is spinning while waiting on a value. This releases shared CPU resources to other cores, without yielding the current thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Provides a micro-wait primitive by hinting to the CPU that it is spinning while waiting on a value. This releases shared CPU resources to other cores without yielding the current thread.
```

>   - : Provides a micro-wait primitive by hinting to the CPU that it is spinning while waiting on a value. This releases shared CPU resources to other cores without yielding the current thread.

Reviewer 2: The problem with this is the term "shared CPU resources". At first this confused me because it implied (to me) that we're talking about shared memory (say). Given we're mediating shared memory, this sounded like we were releasing the shared memory to other cores, which of course we are not - we don't own it yet.

As I understand it, what we're actually talking about here is likely to be things like the relative timeslice that the OS allocates to this thread relative to other threads in the same core, or perhaps power consumption of the core if it is only running the one thread. I.e. This tells the system that we're sitting in a loop waiting on access to a value - we don't want to be switched out of the core as `wait` would do, but nor do we need much of the total system resource for the "work" we're doing. 

So maybe something like:

```suggestion
  - : Provides a micro-wait primitive that hints to the CPU that the caller is spinning while waiting on the lock. This allows the the system to reduce the resources allocated to the core (such as power) or thread, without yielding the current thread.
```
